# Intro:
 After making several Minecraft Java mods, I was growing slightly frustrated with my old computer's struggles to run the game and compile said mods. My brother suggested to me that I try and make addons for Minecraft Bedrock, which I was initially hesitant to commit to as it was a version of the game many who played modded Java saw as inferior and unsupported. I eventually began working on Bedrock addons and was pleasantly suprised to discover how easy and intuitive I found the process, within hours figuring out how to implement entities and items. This interest wavered through the years as I found the component system slightly limiting, however in the past few years, I rediscovered my passion for Bedrock addon development, especially given more data driven systems and the ability to implement scripting.  
 I would like to note that whilst I have been developing a strong understanding of addon development, I have not been confident enough to share my work with the world so far outside of friends and family, and furthermore I have not yet had the opportunity to work with a team for addon development.  
# Addon Summaries:  
 ## Ratskins:  
  Ratskins is an addon that blends my love of rats and other rodents, and homage to 'doctor4t', a well known content creator  modder for Minecraft. Whilst the initial inspiration for Ratskins stemmed from doctor4ts work, I have made  this into my own project, and via scripting adding complex mechanics like "Rat genetics" and a pseudo ui  system inspired by 'The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time'.  
 ## Keter's Mechanics:  
  Keter's Mechanics is an addon inspired by the technology mods of Minecraft Java Edition and my own lifelong interest in engineering. This addon adds several new items, tools and most importantly, industrial machines with an electricity system.  
  I faced several difficulties developing this addon, the first two being the integration of 'tile entities', blocks that are synchronised with entities allowing for access to more complex models and functionality whilst scripting. The biggest hurdle I had to overcome was the implementation of an electricity system, allowing for the generation, transfer and usage of electricity by machines and wires. After several failed attempts that would either not work or slow down the game to an unplayable pace I ended up using several highly experimental features. It should be noted that this addon hasn't been worked on for several weeks, and my inital ideas were to integrate mechsuits and magitek system inspired by the 'Final Fantasy' series  
## Ported Warcrimes Assets:  
  This addon was a simple challenge to see how quickly I could incorporate assets from an old unity game I developed into a Minecraft Bedrock addon. I found this process fairly simple, and found most of my enjoyment in programming and modelling a door, along with creating an outline effect for a 3d model. I plan to challenge myself further by creating entities with rendering inspired by 'Doom' and 'Wolfenstein', with 2d sprites functioning within a 3d environment  
## Security Cameras:  
  This addon was created primarily for my younger siblings and my nephew as they are obsessed with 'Five Nights At Freddy's', but I also used this as a learning opportuninty to develop a greater understanding of the currently experimental cameras for Minecraft and Forms.  
## Custom Player Models:  
  In an attempt to get my partner to play Minecraft with me, I decided to begin experimenting with allowing the player to use custom player models, specifically for me to be able to play using my old Minecraft Java skin, and for my partner to play as characters they have created. This has proved to be a difficult process, often with 1 step forwards and 2 steps back, with many issues relating to items and armour rendering in the correct locations on the custom player models whilst animating, with a nearly fullproof solution being found before realising incompatibilites with certain player skins from the marketplace. As an additional note, due to an interest in 'Sonic', I have worked on an acceleration system for player movement: initially I was attempting to incorporate my joy of maths and physics to allow for a system similar to original sonic games, however I feel I have let myself down in resorting to merely adding the speed potion effect relative to the players "speed".  
## Wire Test: 
  Primarily a proof of concept, whilst struggling with implementing the flow of electricity into 'Keter's Mechanics', I thought I could add a wiring system not bound to Minecraft's world grid, instead implementing my knowledge of triganometry to allow connections between anchors.  

## Keter's Konstruction:  
  An actively WIP addon that aims to add new helpful methods for building, currently contains two tools; the Palette Knife which allows for random items to be placed from the hotbar, and the Blob Blaster: A new projectile launching tool that creates blobs of goo. These blobs of goo can be built ontop of (intended for large scale landscaping), or dissolved by a virus for quick and easy removal once the goo has served its purpose. Further down the line I intend to introduce tools that shoot blocks which exclusively stick to the goo, and mechs which can quickly handle large scale construction and demolition.  
  [Keter's Konstruction Git Page](https://github.com/KeterNihil0/KetersKonstruction).

